Added README (#23)
informatik-ag-ngl/envoy: README.md

# Envoy
---
<a href="https://github.com/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy"><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy/develop/client/src/main/resources/icons/envoy_logo.png" align="right" width="150" height="150"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy/milestone/1"><img alt="GitHub milestone" src="https://img.shields.io/github/milestones/progress-percent/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy/1"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy/pulls"><img alt="GitHub pull requests" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy?style=flat"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy/issues"><img alt="GitHub issues" src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy?style=flat"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy/actions"><img src="https://github.com/informatik-ag-ngl/envoy/workflows/Java%20CI/badge.svg"></a>

**Envoy** is a messenger written in Java.<br>
It is split into three separate components: Envoy Client, Envoy Common and Envoy Server.
<br><br><br><br><br>
---
### Envoy Client:

> This is the only part users need. It contains everything to make this messenger work: the UI.

Reviewer: Bad formulation

Author: Give a better one.

Author: ```suggestion
This is the only part users are interested in. It contains everything to make this messenger work: the UI.
```
